as the touch bar yeah yeah as was it it
sounds funny I used to lie on diesel and
I going to the Apple store to pick up my
new laptop they only have it in silver
but the guy said I can exchange later so
as you see San Francisco people are
heading home I'm so happy that I can
walk to the Apple store because
otherwise I will be standing in a lot of
traffic traffic jams to us there and
it's not that warm but I'm okay in my
autumn Colton
I'll show you
I get a lot of compliments for this code
is actual information it looks good I
really like the Christmas mood here so
there is the shop full of Christmas toys
and everything is lighted up Christmas
toys there everything is lit up and
everybody comes and tries to Pat diesel
but diesel just bikes at everyone and we
are very very close to the Apple Store
I'm so excited
palm trees decorated with Lighting's
this is California no snow for Christmas
and here we go
delaying class trip one more lawyer I
feel like I feel like the black mat suit
serious
come on
so exciting I like that it says that has
the touch bar yeah
oh yeah cuz I also got the adapter so
I'm gonna go for them and I'm back
[Music]
okay guys I just unpacked the new
MacBook Pro this is my old laptop I
really liked it so I've had it since at
2013 so for more than three years it's
super nice super slim X it's Samsung X
900 but because I started editing a lot
of videos up it's no longer capable of
suiting my needs so um I even couldn't
use it when i chat with somebody on
skype because i do a lot of courage
occasion consultations and then
simultaneously i look for universities
for that person and I wasn't able to
look for the universities because the
computer would crash so it's really nice
I mean it holds the battery for five
five hours but it's time to say goodbye
I'm still gonna use it because well this
one doesn't even have a card reader but
the new iMac MacBook Pro is amazing by
the way I'm drinking this chocolate mint
tea from Trader Joe's really recommend
it so here's the key feature you see
this is a touchpad that I can use so I
can escape it will navigate me through
hey can I escape no I can do like back
and forth and also it will adjust to my
preferences so probably linguae trip
will be here like my Gmail and what else
what else amazing Oh sound is amazing
the screen is amazing and overall like
the whole experience look at that so
it's a little dark but that's the
lightest I can get in my apartment
and what else I like so the keyboard is
really easy to press and the keyboard if
you see it's almost plain so you cannot
really have seen the button standing out
like that so they're all really nice
sorry oh that's that's Siri you know
what I like like if you want to adjust
the volume you do it like this if you
want to adjust the brightness you just
do it like that and here you go
this is so cool like I really like this
this feature and using it a lot uh what
else sorry marina I can't do that oh you
can do nothing like series so stupid I
asked to several things today she didn't
reply the touchpad is so big and it's so
cool you don't even need a mouse so I
think I'm just gonna stick to my dash
pad and this is gonna be it well oh the
camera I'll show you
okay let's try Siri Siri open camera you
don't seem to have an app named camera
we could see it the App Store has it
what you see again like it has to have
photo booth she had to know okay
whatever good so let's see the camera oh
here's me with the canon g7x camera app
so you see it's still like it has those
dots in the bag because the the
background is no really life but well
it's yeah it's not really light as zcf
dot but I really like the camera and I
like how Mac's camera improves your face
which is the best thing you can wish for
girl you don't see any spots you don't
see any wrinkles nothing so this how
just grab the camera and the sound well
I can switch on some of my videos in
YouTube and you will hear the sound is
pretty loud so you basically don't need
any additional output source let's see
okay oh it's going to be in Russian guys
because my Russian channel is not but
you know that I have a Russian channel
it can trigger different personas and I
can now obviously more year do it super
loud amazing I love it
ah yeah I just had my first cup full
using this laptop amazing quality I just
love it so this is 15 inch new macbook
pro not the most expensive one the less
expensive one but it's good for videos
it's good for work it's good for surfing
lingo trip so yeah here it is let me
know guys if you like this video and
please let me know what else should i
film about because because diesel and I
really enjoy San Francisco during
Christmas so beautiful animals are
travelling to Boston next week of course
you're gonna see a lot of MIT Harvard
and whatnot what else is there in Boston
and yeah I think this is basically it
for this blog I thank you guys for
watching with me if you have any
questions regarding my book bro I will
be happy to share my experience with it
and yes I'm waiting for your comments
about the topic for the next vlog and
have yourself a little Christmas tree
like it's time to get it go get it
because I won't be getting it this year
because I'm traveling all the time but
you get the Christmas tree
[Music]